nextclade: add alignment example (#12212)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/nextclade.md

# nextclade

> Bioinformatics tool for virus genome alignment, clade assignment and qc checks.
> More information: <https://docs.nextstrain.org/projects/nextclade/en/stable/user/nextclade-cli/index.html>.

- Align sequences to user provided [r]eference, [o]utputting the alignment to a file:

`nextclade run {{path/to/sequences.fa}} -r {{path/to/reference.fa}} -o {{path/to/alignment.fa}}`

> - Create a TSV report, auto-downloading the latest [d]ataset:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create a [t]SV report, auto-downloading the latest [d]ataset:
```

> `nextclade run {{path/to/fasta}} -d {{dataset_name}} -t {{path/to/output_tsv}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`nextclade run {{path/to/fasta}} -d {{dataset_name}} -t {{path/to/report.tsv}}`
```

Author: thanks, great idea!
